README.md, before:

# DailyLine
An Angular application to log your daily lines

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Readme instructions on initial setup

README.md, after:

# DailyLine
An Angular application to log your daily lines

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.6.

## Initial setup

1. Download or clone this repo
2. Find the environment files in the environments folder (src/environments/*)
3. Paste the key in both files where it asks for the firebaseAPIKey
4. Cmd into the root folder and run npm install (or npm i)
5. You now have a node_modules folder next to your src folder
6. Run "ng serve" to start the Typescript service and fire up the app
7. Visit localhost:4200 (or another port if you have specified it)
8. Create an account & login!

Notes: This app was developed for small screens only, no attention has been payed to bigger resolutions, as it is intented to be an actual app only

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
